or from friends of youtube I am more graphics
and good today I bring you a tutorial for
xbox 360 blank 2 ok
how to steal emblems in the version
updated king
this is the most updated I know
because
let's start with the tutorial today is
and good 2
well first let's read line
exercise multiplayer and good as
have an emblem that I have every
which is very good
I'm going to look for an emblem
first woman or someone who knows what
want to steal ok
and look for a person or our
victim that has to be erased has
to be with the emblem that we want
to play
this is good we are going to select
the first thing has to have a
true
we have already its
to your channel
to see if you have children
and good has a way that has one
now we are going to
If you have the good faucet let's do what
following
once you do not have much that I like
there are many
and I for example
Ceuta
give him x at the same time
here there will not be at the same time and they go up
up ok
now this will cost and not by a hand
xxx a human being
I'm going to send you the controls for the
play 3 ok for playstation3
problems
very difficult with then
to this
one
if you do not see why
Of course it has to be a tree
let's keep going
let's do the things can that school
I will provide the video and when I
come out we come back
good people like me
they have to give him xd or at the same
time the emblem of this emblem that
come here you have to give
efe at the same time then go to
up they have to be loading the
emblem pei has to be loading
the stage another once you have to
give it a few times xa me
It works with 4x 4x and down you
You will come out this
notices always do not come out to the first
the second would always pass the third or
the fourth the fifth what came to me
to the second
our employment their careers
let's give it to ok
as you see they are saving and we are going to
address now is going to say that it is
we tremble tackled now they are going to
where you have the emblems
in the letter of mine
and what you have at home
baker
picture of cousin and that of us warned that
this can happen
to change to these stars
ok can now go to save and apply
as an emblem to keep
we already have it and now we are going to apply
as an emblem now if you can give it
many of us
this is already from us
so if you have not had in the tutorial
if the best in the inscription would be
more or less the
the controls that these buttons have
what to touch
xb at the same time to the emblem
it also worked with 4x xxxx and down with
charge and just down and it's going to say that
let's keep the emblem ok so if it has
liked please can you give it a like
and good people, we 're going to the next one
happy new year and prosperity goodbye